# Note
* Only files/directories relevant to our projects are listed below
* Directories with straight forward names are skipped as well.


# Assets
#### Plugins
* Inverse Kinematics plugin (RootMotion's Final IK)

#### PostProcessing
* Unity's post procressing stack used to enhance RGB frame qualities

#### Resources
* Most of prefabs are located here

#### Scripts
* __action_mapping.txt__ - Some actions are mapped to different actions.
* __allprefabs_parsed.txt__ - All prefabs used in our scene is listed here, sorted by their class.
* __class2rgb.txt__ - Class --> semantic segmentation color. We don't use this file. It's generated by playing StoryGenerator/PrintClassColor scene.
* __InstanceGroupList.json__ - Segmentation colors are performed on each mesh. This file allows objects with multiple mesh to share the same segmentation color.
* __objects2Unity.txt__ - Mapping from object class in script to that in our project.
* __placeingobjects.txt__ - Specifies where a new prefabs should be spawned if it's required by a script but doesn't exists in our scene.
* __PrefabClass.json__ - Name of prefabs that belongs to a class.

#### Story Generator
* __MasterScene__ - Use this scene to use master rendering
* __PrintClassColor__ - Updates Scripts/class2rgb.txt file.

###### Scripts
* __ColorEncoding.cs__ - Encodes color for instance and sementic segmentation
* __ImageSynthesis.cs__ - Creates cameras that views from the perspective of ground truths we are generating (segmentation, depth and flow). 
* __Recorder.cs__ - Handles saving ground truth data.
* __TestDriver.cs__ - Our main function is located here.

* __Rendering__ - Files used for [master_rendering](master_renderer.md).
* __SceneState__ - Files used for generating scene state.

##### Shader
* Shaders used for segmentation, depth map and optical flow.

##### TestScene
* All apartments are stored here.


# Config
* Settings are stored here. Files in this directory are read in the beginning of the game play.


# generate_scripts
* Matlab code to generate synthetic scripts are stored here.

# Utilities
* __frames2mp4.py__ - Python script used to convert frames into videos
* __proportion.py__ - Python script that can print proportions of char, scene given a directory
* __searchScripts.py__ - Python script that can search scripts that matches criteria and delete them if necessary.
